Republic of the Philippines

Gnibersity of Cabupao
(Pamantasan ng Cabuyao)

College of Computing Studies
Katapatan Mutual Homes, Brgy. Banay-banay, City of Cabuyao, Laguna, Philippines 4025

“INSTRUCTIONSI!” Rewrite the given paragraph below on the space given after
the paragraph.

Light is the source of all life on our planet. The importance of light could be comprehended as
plants synthesize nutrients from light using chlorophyll, and filter the air we breathe. Animals and
humans depend on plants for survival. Therefore, everything depends on the light in some way.
The human body needs to be exposed to natural sunlight and its rhythm to function properly. The
effects of light on endogenous production of vitamin D and melatonin are well known, as well as
the role they play in emotional dysfunction such as SAD (Seasonal Affective Disorder). During
millions of years of evolution, man lived in a system strictly dependent on the climatic conditions
that surrounded him. Social habits were strongly influenced by the seasonal rhythm and the time
of exposure to natural sunlight. The expansion of artificial electric tight, which began in the last

century, finally allowed the independence of the natural photocycle.

Light is fhe vource oF al lipe On dur planet. The mnporfaxe oF light
could be comprelanded of plats vgatnenree nutrients fim light
wing Chitorophyll, Od filer te ar we Utarfe- Aniaalf ong
humang deperd on pate por surival. Twepert, ereryiting.
pend on He light In Sunt way. Te huror body meeole
P be epsed 1 haturel ligut al ite mythm +o puudion
Pepeig.. Te epee op light on oubgermug prodidiey

of viTaunin b and mpletenin ye yeil-Fmwn, af weAlag He
tele, Hoy play in etrmticnal dygpauction ruth af 4D
(seasonal Aprechve pokey) - Dung mallisn yeas T
ewlaAion » ME ted 4 a Pyitn sinche defeved ©

{re imoebhc condetinng. prot Srreneed km . boc
habit sere frogp ngfoenceal by seatonal rhyttun
ok He fire oF ere +o net sunlight | Ne
MPG MF arnpicicl eporrc [9t, With began Jr
foe (Att cory, reli lowed He irdepervlace
of A pprort Preroeget -

aa-o02 QDangatng Rayan \essrscsy ©)