Republic of the Philippines

University of Cabupao

(Pamantasan ng Cabuyao)

College of Computing Studies
Katapatan Mutual Homes, Brgy. Banay-banay, City of Cabuyao, Laguna, Philippines 4025,

“INSTRUCTIONSI!” Rewrite the given paragraph below on the space given after

the paragraph.

Medicine can be used in a sentence as follows: "I take medicine when | have a headache.”

When using the word medicine in a sentence, it is important to specify what type of medicine is
being referred to, such as pain relievers, antibiotics, or vitamins. In a sentence, medicine can be
used as a noun to describe a substance used to diagnose, treat, or prevent illness or disease. It
can also refer to the field of study and practice of healthcare. To properly use medicine in a
sentence, consider the context in which it is being used. For example, “The doctor prescribed
medicine to help with my symptoms” indicates that medication was given for a specific purpose.
Remember that medicine can also be used in a figurative sense, such as “Laughter Is the best
medicine for a bad day,” indicating that laughter can improve one’s mood. Overall, when
incorporating medicine into a sentence, be clear and specific about its meaning and usage to

ensure effective communication.

Medicme tan be ustd na gabe ag follous: | fale neice uhuy \Mane a hendache.t
Vhen use Pe word ne dicny in q sintenc, , ts “mpartes fo spechy hat type ot
Medicine 5 bling eh ead a guth as ah reliears janitibiakes or vitae, \y reece
Medine co Ye wed a gugn ® dee coy ® gubshang usd te Nagnte eat, cv
Preval Mess or Uétem. KK can clo reten to th Sil ol oA ud giockiee of
hed theo. Yo properly We Medici wn Q cute (on stlur th olud ‘a chuck it
> bein ed For compl: “Th doco rescttoed rdere, fo help ert

wy ey, Y pam hy
syptoms imdicarts, dna Medic otiug vas given fer 4 spect Qor P25.
Keven Sat redicn Can alse be wed ‘Wo f, wuhin Suns, Such “ Lats Whee
ish bit nein tor «Ps by Mind aty N leu tan Uympore Hu

th, Pets and oSrGt Yo easuye CONCH COMPUTA,