Republic of the Philippines

Gnibersity of Cabupao

(Pamantasan ng Cabuyao)

College of Computing Studies
Katapatan Mutual Homes, Brgy. Banay-banay, City of Cabuyao, Laguna, Philippines 4025

“INSTRUCTIONS!” Rewrite the given paragraph below on the space given after
the paragraph.

Medicine can be used in a sentence as follows: “I take medicine when | have a headache.”
When using the word medicine in a sentence, it is important to specify what type of medicine is
being referred to, such as pain relievers, antibiotics, or vitamins. In a sentence, medicine can be
used as a noun to describe a substance used to diagnose, treat, or prevent illness or disease. It
can also refer to the field of study and practice of healthcare. To properly use medicine in a
sentence, consider the context in which it is being used. For example, “The doctor prescribed
medicine to help with my symptoms’ indicates that medication was given for a specific purpose.
Remember that medicine can also be used in a figurative sense, such as “Laughter is the best
Medicine for a bad day,” indicating that laughter can improve one's mood. Overall, when
incorporating medicine into a sentence, be clear and specific about its meaning and usage to
ensure effective communication.

Mediane can be wed IN A yentente av follows .
. a
“take mediung when Ihare a headache -

vw REN using Te ward mediune m ayentence it

44 im portant fe tpetry whar type oF me ALCING ‘ .
being referred ft), cuch as pain rel vers ,ONMBIONC) |
Or vitammy. in a sentence , mediune canbe Used dy
ANNUN to deteibe a cubstance wed fro dagnoye |
treat | ov prevent HERES y or cli seaie - Heanalyo reper
TD The “pela O04 ttudy ana prachce o¢ healthcare . To
Properly Use medicing in a sentence , CONGIALA TRE
content m wWhien itty heing waicd . For cramp le | "The
docros presenbed we hiuce to rebp with my Symptoms ’
iIndicakty nat necducdNon was given fora §peuric
Purpose | Kenempey That meduune Can alo pe ures in Gg

piguranve sense such ay “ Laughter me beat

ye ALR fer a bad day," wmatcanng that tog hear
CAN Improve One's Moud . Ovevadl, when incor peranng
modiane into a ventence. be dear and spe up t about

tts meaning and UIAgEe pf eNiure efpe chee
Communicaton ,.