Republic of the Philippines

University of Cabupao

(Pamantasan ng Cabuyao)

College of Computing Studies
Katapatan Mutual Homes, Brey. Banay-banay, City of Cabuyao, Laguna, Philippines 4025

“INSTRUCTIONS!!” Rewrite the given paragraph below on the space given after
the paragraph.

When we think of “evolution” as meaning as a process of learning, adapting, and growing to be
more effective and efficient, we see evolution everywhere. Kids learn more advanced skills and
concepts in school and this continues on through college and throughout their careers. Growth,
in terms of profitability, is one of the primary goals of any business. Technology is always
evolving—offering faster internet speeds, more powerful computers, better productivity tools, and
more engaging and entertaining experiences. Athletes strive to improve their skills and
performances through better nutrition and training methods. They aim fo win more
championships and set records. Musicians and artists want to become more technically
proficient, creative, and successful. Communities and societies not only grow in number, but they
try to serve the needs of the people to enable the citizens to live healthier, happier lives. Even
with most religions, we seek to grow in our faith—to be a "better" Christian, Muslim, Hindu,
Buddhist, or Jew.

when we Tink of “evolution” as mange a priest of jearig,
adapting , and qr qo be more ve and efficient

We vee evolution everywhert . Kids Jean mere advanced gxills

and concepts in vchool and wc  gontinwes on Hogs eoll

and -fwrovglovk Ineir career, Growth, in forme of petit,

Wo ne of he primary qs ot an buiness, echnology is okay
ering - offering Factor inherret peeds more, poverdul oe Ve

ber pel lg and noe angi aden apy
Miluits chive 4o jmprowe thar skills gad peprmanceg rg beHen
nutafion ond feaining Inctods- thy, aim 4 wn mary championed ps
and sh OAL. pusdans avd artist want 4 kewme more echo cally
grfidiest pctatiwe ard ccuccfal . Ranmuni jee ond societies vot orly
gow in nuwrer , xl ray Joey fry yo serve the tas af fw peor

Jd rably BM ubyes fp lw hea/t ew thaggrer ves. Even wh ;
myst wmfors NC dexle fo geow In mie fth - be @ bord
Chastran , Muslim , Hindu | tuddiisr yer Jew -