Republic of the Philippines

University of Cabupao

(Pamantasan ng Cabuyao)

College of Computing Studies
Katapatan Mutual Homes, Brgy. Banay-banay, City of Cabuyao, Laguna, Philippines 4025

‘INSTRUCTIONSI!” Rewrite the given paragraph below on the space given after

the paragraph.

“Writing a sentence with words that are out of order forces students to think about each word ina
sentence rather than only memorizing an entire phrase without understanding the importance of
structure. After repeating each word in a sentence individually, students should recognize where
each betongs. Therefore, when presented with a jumbled sentence, students will know that
something is wrong and attempt to correct it by putting the words in the correct order. So as a
teacher we can start at level one by giving jumbled word quizzes followed by simple and then
complex sentences. This is at times a positive way to make the students study material
interesting. See every day we speak at least 100,000 words and sentences simultaneously. So
these quizzes will enhance the knowledge of the students and they'll be more confident and
comfortable to converse in English. These activities can be used as a warm-up exercise to review
previous lessons, or as an end-of-class review. It can also be used as a transitional exercise,
depending on the length of the class. These syntax activities will add variety to class while

reinforcing sentence structure that will benefit students as they progress.

Vert, a sentence “th weeds that ary
out ‘7 ordy Pores Stiudend L, thik Abo}
Lach word in 4 Feakner attr than ov!
re wonaing a, ontre place tbat had eur tor ndiry
the W~potan e of fai Strnctuce - After
rtpe<4tyg cach gerd ho wratae ondalty
str hat shonld Meo gna edema th below
Trerfre, ven gucsinted with an junbl Stafprcs , shiderte vl

baw thot  bomrtiveay cs wrong and Ahwp + fo erect 17 by puthrsy
Uy As A YM wortet pra. SP aS Q teacher Gan we at hid ont

L ws is

0 . ra ws A Xwend by sip ke and ha aunps

Wa gir GunhA var 4

Sunlengs. fees 1S Al fing a grohye wa bo make to Shida stay ;
pated ad ust ques wll chhance fra fa wledgy ft th Sheds oop fe Aadme
ond flay" Ye wor umf duct ard comfe tab Wy +4 ULpmuts ts English . Thee

ad Res cm levied aC a naumcup Cerise py rave pried! in we,
On amd-of clase Tew [+ can aio be utd av a Packh ee >
pyedrs om The lenefhel fergth ef fh lat - fray FaNhue shih es
pal) aad eric f clue yhsle reiqerct hy eee steeg pare Poo vail benef rip

pron
asong DQengal og Bayan,